---
layout: post		
title: "The List"		
date: 2019-01-05 01:00:00		
categories: life
---

I got too many things that I needed to do, but I couldn't do them because of my annoying laziness. So I decided to list them here for public pressure. Also, I will add notes about their progress. This post is intended to continue till all these little things are done... 

- Sell unused electronics: Start with Jaybird
- Withdraw all crypto money
    - 23 Jan: I tried to withdraw but I couldn't.
- Read The Tipping Point and The Lean Startup
- Delete Facebook account
- Go to gym for 4 weeks consecutively
- Finish The Last of Us
- Finish Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
- Prepare Dribbble invitation artwork
- Start DailyUI again
- Finish at least one book with Kindle
- Watch The Godfather Trilogy, Goodfellas, Scarface
- Watch 2001: A Space Odyssey
- Change home's decoration
- Learn to use Wacom Tablet
- Redesign Beatografi and re-launch
- Extend OnurSenture.com with projects
- Design a new Instagram series with more than 21 images
- Change PrimeFaces.org main slider image
- Change hero images of PrimeNG, PrimeReact, PrimeFaces and PrimeVue
- Prepare a Dribbble post for PrimeVue logo
- Design the side project for PrimeTek interns
- Update resume and Linkedin profile
- Change the design of OnurSenture.com
- Add more icons to PrimeIcons pack
- Try to sell something on CreativeMarket, ThemeForest, etc.
- Design and upload at least 25 icons to TheNounProject
- Clean Pocket app
- Add design projects to Behance
- Migrate old and good blog posts from Medium, Quora and other old blogs to OnurSenture.com
- Add PrimeNG and PrimeReact anchors to the theme images on "Premium Themes And Layouts" at PrimeFaces.org
- Repair PSP
- **Categorize and Reorder this list. 😅**

Note #1: List is growing so reordering and categorizing might help to prioritize tasks.

Note #2: Some tasks needs progress bar. Considering to implement one. Ughh laziness...

Last update: *24 January 2018 21.35*